content/ma/share-an-interest-390.md, before:

---
title: "Share an interest"
date: 2020-09-01T12:49:27+06:00
featureImage: images/ma/placeholder.jpeg
layout: static
---

Creating a shared interest group

Learn more about starting your own shared interest group.

We are social beings, and interacting with people is in our nature. But it also brings us benefits on a mental and physical level, social motivation and social contact can help to improve memory formation and recall and protects the brain from neurodegenerative diseases.

| Provider      | Free or Paid  |  Trustpilot Score  |
| :-----------          | :--------------:      |  :--------------:         |
| [**Meet up**](https://www.meetup.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-to-starting-a-group-on-meetup/) | Free | [1.5](https://uk.trustpilot.com/review/meetup.com) | 
| [**Q place**](https://www.qplace.com/10-tips-for-starting-an-online-group/) | Free | N/A
| [**Wiki how**](https://www.wikihow.com/Start-an-Online-Discussion-Community) | Free | [4.5](https://uk.trustpilot.com/review/wikihow.com) | 
  

<br/><br/>

*This post contains affiliate links. If you use these links to buy something we may
earn a commission. Thanks.*

Commit message:

Re-create pages from new spreadsheet

content/ma/share-an-interest-390.md, after:

---
title: "Share an interest"
date: 2020-09-01T12:49:27+06:00
featureImage: images/ma/placeholder.jpeg
layout: static
---

Creating a shared interest group

Learn more about starting your own shared interest group.

We are social beings, and interacting with people is in our nature. Helping others enjoy the mental and physical benefits of social connectiveness brings its own rewards instilling a strong sense of purpose, boosting our own wellbeing.

| Provider      | Free or Paid  |  Trustpilot Score  |
| :-----------          | :--------------:      |  :--------------:         |
| [**Meet up**](https://www.meetup.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-to-starting-a-group-on-meetup/) | Free | [1.5](https://uk.trustpilot.com/review/meetup.com) | 
| [**Q place**](https://www.qplace.com/10-tips-for-starting-an-online-group/) | Free | N/A
| [**Wiki how**](https://www.wikihow.com/Start-an-Online-Discussion-Community) | Free | [4.5](https://uk.trustpilot.com/review/wikihow.com) | 
  

<br/><br/>

*This post contains affiliate links. If you use these links to buy something we may
earn a commission. Thanks.*
