content/ma/start-a-shed-398.md, before:

---
title: "Start a shed"
date: 2020-09-01T12:49:27+06:00
featureImage: images/ma/placeholder.jpeg
layout: static
---

How to set up a Men's Shed as a safe place for men to meet

Men’s Sheds are a place to pursue practical interests, to practice skills and enjoy making and mending - whilst making social connections and friendship - set one up and help men in your community.

We are social beings, and interacting with people is in our nature. But it also brings us benefits on a mental and physical level, social motivation and social contact can help to improve memory formation and recall and protects the brain from neurodegenerative diseases.

| Provider      | Free or Paid  |  Trustpilot Score  |
| :-----------          | :--------------:      |  :--------------:         |
| [**Men in Sheds**](menssheds.org.uk) | Free | N/A
| [**Mens group**](https://mensgroup.com/peer-support-group) | Free | N/A
| [**Man health**](https://www.manhealth.org.uk/peer-support-groups/) | Free | N/A
  

<br/><br/>

*This post contains affiliate links. If you use these links to buy something we may
earn a commission. Thanks.*

Commit message:

Re-create pages from new spreadsheet

content/ma/start-a-shed-398.md, after:

---
title: "Start a shed"
date: 2020-09-01T12:49:27+06:00
featureImage: images/ma/placeholder.jpeg
layout: static
---

How to set up a Men's Shed as a safe place for men to meet

Men’s Sheds are a place to pursue practical interests, to practice skills and enjoy making and mending - whilst making social connections and friendship - set one up and help men in your community.

We are social beings, and interacting with people is in our nature. Helping others enjoy the mental and physical benefits of social connectiveness brings its own rewards instilling a strong sense of purpose, boosting our own wellbeing.

| Provider      | Free or Paid  |  Trustpilot Score  |
| :-----------          | :--------------:      |  :--------------:         |
| [**Men in Sheds**](menssheds.org.uk) | Free | N/A
| [**Mens group**](https://mensgroup.com/peer-support-group) | Free | N/A
| [**Man health**](https://www.manhealth.org.uk/peer-support-groups/) | Free | N/A
  

<br/><br/>

*This post contains affiliate links. If you use these links to buy something we may
earn a commission. Thanks.*
